chorse: fill in the README (#15)
near/near-abi-rs: README.md

<div align="center">

  <h1><code>near-abi-rs</code></h1>

  <p>
    <strong>Rust library providing NEAR ABI models.</strong>
  </p>

  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/near/near-abi-rs/actions/workflows/test.yml?query=branch%3Amain"><img src="https://github.com/near/near-abi-rs/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg" alt="Github CI Build" /></a>
    <a href="https://crates.io/crates/near-abi"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/near-abi.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Crates.io version" /></a>
    <a href="https://crates.io/crates/near-abi"><img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/d/near-abi.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Download" /></a>
    <a href="https://docs.rs/near-abi"><img src="https://docs.rs/near-abi/badge.svg" alt="Reference Documentation" /></a>
  </p>

  <h3>

>       <a href="https://github.com/near/abi">ABI</a>

Reviewer: here too maybe?

```suggestion
      <a href="https://github.com/near/abi">NEAR ABI</a>
```

      <span> | </span>
      <a href="https://docs.rs/near-abi">Reference Documentation</a>
      <span> | </span>
      <a href="#contributing">Contributing</a>
  </h3>
</div>

## Release notes

**Release notes and unreleased changes can be found in the [CHANGELOG](CHANGELOG.md)**

## Overview

❗ **Warning: ABI is still in early stages of development so expect breaking changes to this library until we reach 1.0**

> This library is meant to serve as an unopinionated source of Rust models for [ABI](https://github.com/near/abi).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is meant to serve as an unopinionated reference for Rust models of the [NEAR ABI](https://github.com/near/abi).
```

## ABI Metaschema

> This repo also contains meta [JSON Schemas](https://json-schema.org/) of ABI. These schemas can be found in the [`metaschema`](/metaschema) folder: `near-abi-${version}-schema.json` for a specific ABI schema version or `near-abi-current-schema.json` for what is currently in the `main` branch of the repository.

Reviewer: Broadly speaking, what do you think about also hosting the meta schemas of ABI in a more generic repo like https://github.com/near/abi, instead of the `abi-rs` one?

Author: Yes, I think it is sensible to port finalized metaschemas to a more visible repo. This repo can just serve as our automated source of truth.
